docs: Add more desc & warning (#39201)
ant-design/ant-design: components/drawer/demo/render-in-current.md

渲染在当前 dom 里。自定义容器，查看 `getContainer`。

注意：在 v5 中 `style` 与 `className` 迁移至 Drawer 面板上与 Modal 保持一致，原 `style` 与 `className` 替换为 `rootStyle` 与 `rootClassName`。

## en-US

Render in current dom. custom container, check `getContainer`.

> Note: `style` and `className` is move to Drawer panel in v5 which is align with Modal component. Origin `style` and `className` is replaced by `rootStyle` and `rootClassName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `style` and `className` props are moved to Drawer panel in v5 which is aligned with Modal component. Original props `style` and `className` are replaced by `rootStyle` and `rootClassName`.
```
